When everything is coming your way, you're on the wrong side of the freeway.	Anti-joke
On the other hand, you have different fingers.	Anti-joke
Q)what do you call a polar bear in the jungle? A)lost!	Anti-joke
Why do firemen use red suspenders?  To hold their pants up!!!	Anti-joke
Where did they sign the Declaration of Independence?   At the bottom.	Anti-joke
My family has no traditions. We just do the same thing, over and over again, each year.	Anti-joke
Don't follow in my footsteps, I walk into walls.	Anti-joke
How is it we look in a dictionary to figure out how to spell something if we don't know how to spell it?	Anti-joke
The darkest hours come just before the dawn.  So if you're going to steal your neighbour's milk and newspaper, that's the time to do it.	Anti-joke
What's the difference between two yards?   A. Usually a fence.	Anti-joke
Teacher: Willy, name one important thing we have today that we didn't have ten years ago.   Willy: Me	Anti-joke
Hickory, Dickory Dock Three mice ran up the clock The clock struck one...  The rest got away with minor injuries	Anti-joke
Every day I beat my own previous record for number of consecutive days I've stayed alive.	Anti-joke
Sam: "Where have I seen your face before?" Pam: "Right where it is now."	Anti-joke
Remember- There's a light at the end of every tunnel... just hope it's not a train!	Anti-joke
JUST because I have a short attention span doesn't mean I	Anti-joke
Silence is golden, because you never have to explain something you didn't say.	Dry
It is said that "it is always in the last place you look" Well of course!  Are there some people out there who keep looking after they find it?	Dry
The amount of sleep required by the average person is about five minutes more.	Dry
They say one way to build character is to do things you don't want to do.  Every day I do two things I don't want to do: I get out of bed in the morning and go to bed at night!	Dry
Money is not the most important thing in the world.  Love is.  Fortunately, I love money.  -- Jackie Mason	Dry
The perfect climate is in bed.	Dry
Laugh alone and the world thinks you're an idiot.	Dry
When putting cheese in a mousetrap, always leave room for the mouse.	Dry
The easiest way to find something lost around the house is to buy a replacement.	Dry
The only difference between a rut and a grave is the depth.	Dry
Life is full of uncertainties...or could I be wrong about that?	Dry
Never test the depth of the water with both feet.	Dry
If you lend someone $20 and never see that person again...  It was probably worth it.	Dry
People who live in glass houses should make love in the basement.   Never read the fine print. There ain't no way you're going to like it.   If you let a smile be your umbrella, then most likely your ass will get soaking wet.   The only two things we do with greater frequency in middle age are urinate and attend funerals.   The trouble with bucket seats is that not everybody has the same size bucket.   To err is human, to forgive - highly unlikely   Do you realize that in about 40 years, we'll have thousands of old ladies running around with tattoos?   Money can't buy happiness -- but somehow it's more comfortable to cry in a Porsche than in a Hyundai.   Drinking makes some husbands see double and feel single..   Living in a nudist colony takes all the fun out of Halloween.   After a certain age, if you don't wake up aching in every joint, you are probably dead.	Dry
I couldn't fix your brakes, so instead I made your horn louder.	Dry
So what's your dog's name?  "I don't know. He won't tell me."	Dry
Don't drink and drive, you'll spill your beer.	Dry
If you fall down a bottomless pit... do you eventually die of starvation?	Dry
1) A clear concience is a sign of a bad memory.  2) For every action,there is an equal and opposite          critisism.  3) He who hesitates is probably right.  4) Eagles may soar,but weasels don't get sucked     into jet engines.  5) I went to find some camouflage clothing,but     I couldn't find it.  6) My wife went to a self help group for compulsive     talkers,it's called On & On Anon.  7) I'm reading a terrific book about anti-gravity,     I just can't put it down.  8) I allways wanted to be somebody,I guess I should     have been more specific...  9) If you are what you eat,I'm dead meat.  10) Middle age is having two temptations and       choosing the one that will get you home earlier.  11) Seen it all,done it all,just can't remember most        of it.  12) Its a cruel choice,work or daytime tellevision.  13) I intend to live forever -------- so far,so good.  14) I have seen the truth and it makes no sence.  15) The best part about computers is that they make       very fast mistakes. ------------------------------------------------------------	Dry
rudeness - someone who keeps talking while your are trying to interrupt.	Dry
Can women put mascara on with their mouth closed?	Mockery
Seen on a bumper sticker:  "I don't care who's on board, what you love, who you brake for or what you'd rather be doing."	Mockery
Karate is a form of martial arts in which people who have had years and years of training can, using only their hands and feet, make some of the worst movies in the history of the world.  -Dave Barry	Mockery
What's the difference between a Ford and a golf ball?  You can drive a golf ball 200 yards.	Mockery
Borrow money from a pessimist---They don't expect it back.	Mockery
Q.   Why do husbands die before their wives ?           A.   They want to	Mockery
Q.   What's the difference between a woman with PMS and a pitbull ?          A.    Lipstick.	Mockery
You know that you're a really boring person when someone steals your identity and then tries to give it back.	Mockery
Why does the bride always wear white?    Because it's good for the dishwasher to match the stove and refrigerator.	Mockery
Q: What do you get when you cross the Atlantic Ocean with the Titanic?  A: Halfway.	Mockery
Everyone has a right to be stupid. Some just abuse the privilege.	Mockery
There are two sides to every divorce: Yours and shithead's.	Mockery
Why is it that most nudists are people you don't want to see naked?	Mockery
You certainly look cool. "Thanks, you don't look so hot yourself."	Mockery
Never hold your farts in.  They travel up your spine, into your brain,  and that's where you get shitty ideas from.	Mockery
I feel so miserable without you, it's almost like having you here. -Stephen Bishop   "I've just learned about his illness. Let's hope it's nothing trivial." - Irvin S. Cobb   "I have never killed a man, but I have read many obituaries with great pleasure." - Clarence Darrow   "He has never been known to use a word that might send a reader to the dictionary." - William Faulkner (about Ernest Hemingway)   "He is not only dull himself, he is the cause of dullness in others." -Samuel Johnson   "He had delusions of adequacy." - Walter Kerr   "I've had a perfectly wonderful evening. But this wasn't it."  -Groucho Marx   "I didn't attend the funeral, but I sent a nice letter saying I approved of it." - Mark Twain   "Some cause happiness wherever they go; others whenever they go." -Oscar Wilde   "He has no enemies, but is intensely disliked by his friends." -Oscar Wilde   "He has Van Gogh's ear for music." - Billy Wilder	Mockery
What should a woman say to a man she's just had sex with?  Whatever she wants. He's sleeping.	Mockery
Hey! I recognize you! You're the third one over on the evolutionary scale!	Mockery
What's the difference between MJ and Mr. Potato Head?  MJ has more noses.   How are MJ and a Wal-Mart bag alike?  They're both plastic and hazardous to children.	Mockery
What's the difference between a Mexican and a Bench?  A bench can support a whole family.	Mockery
PIANO PLAYER: "Do you think I have a gift for playing?"  LISTENER:  "No, but I'll give you one for stopping!"	Mockery
What are the first 4 words in the Mexican National Anthem?  "Attention all K-Mart shoppers"	Mockery
Don't you have a terribly empty feeling - in your skull?	Mockery
Famous last words:  "Ok, I'm only going to have one..."  -- Said the polygamist right after marrying his first wife.	Mockery
It's better to keep your mouth shut and give the impression that you're stupid than to open it and remove all doubt.	Mockery
From a brunette's point of view: Blondes may have more fun but hey, at least we can read!	Mockery
When cryptography is outlawed, bayl bhgynjf jvyy unir cevinpl	Random/Absurd
Never play leapfrog with a unicorn.	Random/Absurd
I'm such an insomniac, the sheep fall asleep before I do.	Random/Absurd
Then there were the three bears.  One married a giraffe.  The other two put him up to it.	Random/Absurd
Never ever take a sleeping pill and a laxative in the same night.	Random/Absurd
And out of the night came the terrible scream, "Who put the sand in the Vaseline!?"	Random/Absurd
What's the difference between a toad and a horny toad?  One says "Ribbit ribbit" and the other says "Rubbit rubbit".	Random/Absurd
All believers in telekinesis raise my hand!	Random/Absurd
If you want to make someone laugh, use this line:   Sorry. say that again. I couldn't hear you over my fart.	Random/Absurd
What did the porcupine say to the cactus?  "Is that you, mommy?"	Random/Absurd
laugh and the whole world laughs with you, cry and some-one will hear you, but fart and you're on your own!!	Random/Absurd
Did Adam and Eve have belly buttons?  What happens if you pop the popcorn upside down?  Why aren't HAMburgers made out of ham?   And my favorite: Donde estan mis pantalones?	Random/Absurd
If you put a slinky on an escalator, would it go forever?	Random/Absurd
what happened to the lost boy? he came to a house and wrote a joke that was exactly like this except in larger font and with a little more umph ya know what i mean a very humerous joke in fact i do believe he is working on more ya know i lied i ain't lost i just like making very very very long jokes sorta like this one ya know what i wrote is called a run on sentence my papa told me about run ons they are fun i can't imagine not having a papa if you don't have one i feel bad for you starting at 'starting' i wrote 100 words thats a lot but still my favorite number is464,546,879,6 but i won't go till there i can't believe i counted my words how nerdy i'm stopping soon wait......... 127 ha buh bye	Random/Absurd
Here's a lighted dynamite stick, please hold it until I get back.	Random/Absurd
To all who do NOT believe in evolution, I have proof: MY spaghetti from two weeks ago has started growing arms and legs and I think it just called me, "Mommy".     By the way, I, myself, do NOT believe in the theory of evolution.	Random/Absurd
I bought some powdered water but I don't know what to add to it.	Random/Absurd
Known fact amongst all men: Having sex can help combat asthma and hay fever, now we need to inform all women!	Random/Absurd
Q:  What do mice say when they see the moon??  A:  "Ooh, Cheese!"	Random/Absurd
No, of course it isn't.	Random/Absurd
This is laziness!	Random/Absurd
We rated with RSAC i, TM Safe Surf Rated.	Random/Absurd
We have all wished for something, but think about this:  Hold out your hands, wish in one, and crap in the other.  Which hand do you think will get filled up first?	Random/Absurd
Sometimes, I get so sleepy that I fall asleep at my keyboa-----hogasvfbhjhfaokL;'GRUHIKMUIHGDFJSJIKkljhvLD ;YWEHKJF,HCsssljga lrsaio.ra;ugsrol,.k,ijhekng0ljr	Random/Absurd
If you love someone, set them free. If they come back, set them on fire.	Random/Absurd
Give a man a fish and he will eat for a day...  Teach him how to fish, and he will sit in a boat and drink beer all day.	Satire/Parody
Don't steal. The government hates competition.	Satire/Parody
Take your income and add 10%	Satire/Parody
Did you hear about the new Polish million dollar lotery?  You get a dollar a year for a million years!!!	Satire/Parody
Sometimes I get the feeling the whole world is against me, but deep down I know that's not true.  Some of the smaller countries are neutral.  -- Robert Orben	Satire/Parody
I make money the old-fashioned way.  My salary is the same as it was ten years ago.	Satire/Parody
For Gods sakes Bill! Help her find it!. ~Hillary after walking in with Monica on her hands and knees in front of Bill	Satire/Parody
Opera: where somebody gets stabbed in the back and, instead of bleeding, sings.	Satire/Parody
Did you hear about the new dictionary for masochists?  It has all the words, but they're not in alphabetical order.	Satire/Parody
If Barbie is so popular, why do you have to buy all her friends?	Satire/Parody
DARE, to keep cops off donuts	Satire/Parody
What's the difference between an alchoholic & a drug addict?     The alchoholic drives over the stop sign, while the drug addict waits for it to turn green.	Satire/Parody
What do you call a herd of white people? Avalanche What do you call a herd of black people? Mudslide What do you call a herd of mexicans? Jailbreak!	Satire/Parody
Why don't women blink during foreplay?  They don't have time.	Satire/Parody
What makes men chase women they have no intention of marrying?    The same urge that makes dogs chase cars they have no intention of driving.	Satire/Parody
Why does a slight tax increase cost you two hundred dollars and a substantial tax cut saves you thirty cents?	Satire/Parody
Marriage changes passion. Suddenly you're in bed with a relative.	Satire/Parody
It used to be only death and taxes were inevitable. Now, of course there's shipping and handling, too.	Satire/Parody
A husband is someone who, after taking the trash out, gives the impression that he just cleaned the whole house.	Satire/Parody
Definition of a teenager?   God's punishment for enjoying sex.	Satire/Parody
Progress in airline flying;   Now a flight attendant can get a pilot pregnant.	Satire/Parody
There is a fine line between "hobby" and "mental illness."	Satire/Parody
Fighting for peace is like screwing for virginity.	Satire/Parody
What is the difference between in-laws and outlaws?  Outlaws are wanted.	Satire/Parody
Never forget that your weapon was made by the lowest bidder!	Satire/Parody
Why do psychics ask so many questions when they supposedly already know the answers?	Satire/Parody
A Mexican and an Iraqi terrorist are in a car.  Who's driving?     Answer:  The police.	Satire/Parody
Q. What's six inches long, two inches wide, and drives women wild?  A. Money.	Satire/Parody
In any organization there is one person who knows what is going on. That person must be fired.	Satire/Parody
Nothing is impossible for the man who doesn't have to do it himself.	Satire/Parody
Why is it better to be killed by a shark than by a lawyer?    Answer:   The shark would be brief.	Satire/Parody
The following were some comments made in the year 1957:   (1) "I'll tell you one thing, if things keep going the way they are, it's going to be impossible to buy a week's groceries for $20.00."   (2) "Have you seen the new cars coming out next year? It won't be long when $5,000 will only buy a used one."   (3) "If cigarettes keep going up in price, I'm going to quit. A quarter a pack is ridiculous."   (4) "Did you hear the post office is thinking about charging a dime just to mail a letter?"   (5) "If they raise the minimum wage to $1, nobody will be able to hire outside help at the store."   (6) "When I first started driving, who would have thought gas would someday cost 29 cents a gallon. Guess we'd be better off leaving the car in the garage."   (7) "Kids today are impossible. Those ducktail hair cuts make it impossible to stay groomed. Next thing you know, boys will be wearing their hair as long as the girls'."   (8) "I'm afraid to send my kids to the movies any more. Ever since they let Clark Gable get by with saying 'damn' in 'Gone With The Wind', it seems every new movie has either 'hell' or 'damn' in it."   (9) "I read the other day where some scientist thinks it's possible to put a man on the moon by the end of the century. They even have some fellows they call astronauts preparing for it down in Texas."   (10) "Did you see where some baseball player just signed a contract for $75,000 a year just to play ball? It wouldn't surprise me if someday that they will be making more than the President."   (11) "I never thought I'd see the day all our kitchen appliances would be electric. They are even making electric typewriters now."   (12) "It's too bad things are so tough nowadays. I see where a few married women are having to work to make ends meet."   (13) "It won't be long before young couples are going to have to hire someone to watch their kids so they can both work."   (14) "No one can afford to be sick any more, $35.00 a day in the hospital is too rich for my blood."   (15) "I'm just afraid the Volkswagen car is going to open the door to a whole lot of foreign business."   (16) "Thank goodness I won't live to see the day when the Government takes half our income in taxes. I sometimes wonder if we are electing the best people to Congress."   (17) "The drive-in restaurant is convenient in nice weather, but I seriously doubt they will ever catch on."   (18) "I guess taking a vacation is out of the question now days. It costs nearly $15.00 a night to stay in a hotel."	Satire/Parody
To the optimist, the glass is half full.  To the pessimist, the glass is half empty.   To the accountant, the glass is twice as big as it needs to be.	Satire/Parody
The best things in life are free and the worst things in life cost only $19.95.	Satire/Parody
I saw that my low-fuel light was on, so I stopped and got $10 worth of gas. And when I was done, I saw that my low-fuel light was still on.   Quitters never win, winners never quit. But those who never win and never quit are idiots.   There can't be any life on Mars. They haven't asked the United States for any money.   When thieves get caught stealing money, they go to jail. When politicians get caught, it's an honest mistake.   Why do men ask for a woman's hand in marriage? Because they are tired of using their own.   My greatest fear is there is no such thing as PMS and this is really my wife's personality.   Federal Express had a terrific obstacle to overcome: They had to convince people that anything with the word "Federal" in it could be speedy.   Dr. Ruth says women should tell our lovers how to make love to us. My boyfriend goes nuts if I tell him how to drive.   After divorce, most men realize that poker isn't the only game that starts with holding hands and ends with an astounding financial loss.   For two people in a marriage to live together, day after day, is unquestionably the one miracle the Vatican has overlooked.	Satire/Parody
There was a dyslexic insomniac agnostic.  He laid awake all night wondering if there really was a Dog.	Wordplay
If a pig loses its voice, is it disgruntled?	Wordplay
Success is relative. The more success, the more relatives!	Wordplay
A good way to save face is to keep the lower half shut.	Wordplay
Why is the word abbreviation so long?	Wordplay
If you are going to try cross-country skiing, start with a small country.	Wordplay
The Egyptologist sneezed: Hapshepsut!	Wordplay
Ever notice that "fat chance" and "slim chance" mean the same thing?	Wordplay
Then there was the model who sat on a broken bottle and cut a good figure.	Wordplay
The Romans had to give up their big holidays because of the tremendous overhead.  The lions ate up all of their prophets.	Wordplay
Actual Newspaper Headline:  Kids Make Great Snacks For Teachers.	Wordplay
What's the difference between an enzyme and a hormone?  You can't hear an enzyme!	Wordplay
Why don't ghosts make good magicians? You can see right through them!	Wordplay
What do you call an Irishman sitting in your backyard?  Paddy O'Furniture	Wordplay
Ghost Stories by I.C. Spooks  Rocket to the sun by R.U.Nuts  Your Book of Glamour by Q.T Pie  The Camel Ride by Major Bum - issore  How to Grow Shorter by Neil Down  How to Grow Taller by Stan Dup	Wordplay
Men who walk in front of car get tired. Men who walk in back of car get exhausted.	Wordplay
Navy dentist's licence plate: TOP GUM	Wordplay
Energizer Bunny arrested... charged with battery.	Wordplay
DNA, national dyslexic association	Wordplay
Nothing is fool proof to a sufficiently talented fool.	Wordplay
Nobody's perfect-I'm a nobody.	Wordplay
Courdory pillows--they're making headlines.	Wordplay
What is another word for Thesaurus?	Wordplay
Her name was Virginia.  They called her Virgin for short, but not for long!	Wordplay
Q. What do you call a guy that sits on your doorstep?  A. A Matt.	Wordplay
A three-legged dog walks into a saloon in the Old West. He sidles up to the bar and announces "I'm looking for the man who shot my paw."	Wordplay
What is a horse's favourite Shakepearean play?  Rodeo and Juliet	Wordplay
Q)Where do penguins go to dance? A)The snowball	Wordplay
Q)Where do eskimo pigs live? A)In a pigloo.	Wordplay
Q)Why does a traffic light turn red? A)You would to if you had to change in front of all those people.	Wordplay
Q: What do you get when a rooster crosses a duck? A: A bird that gets up at the quack of dawn!	Wordplay
Q. Why would Snow White be a good judge? A.Because she's the fairest in the land.	Wordplay
Q.Where do tough chickens come from? A.Hard boiled eggs!	Wordplay
Q.Why did the house go to the doctor? A.To get a cure for his window pane!	Wordplay
What did the chef name his son? Stu	Wordplay
How do you fix a broken tomato? With tomato paste!	Wordplay
The Lazy Boy, by Yu Doit	Wordplay
What do soccer players drink?  Penaltea!	Wordplay
Why does Santa have 3 gardens?   So he can ho ho ho.	Wordplay
Where should a dressmaker live?  On the outskirts of the city.	Wordplay
Why was the broom tired?  It over swept.	Wordplay
Which came first - the chicken or the egg?    It depends on who got laid first!	Wordplay
Hygiene Teacher: How can you prevent diseases caused by biting insects?   Jose: Don't bite any.	Wordplay
The zoology teacher asked a small boy to make a sentence using the word "possum."  He answered, "Maw got horny and gave possum."	Wordplay
A guy walks into a bar wearing a pair of jumper cables around his neck.   The bartender looks at him and says, "Hey buddy, don't try to start anything..."	Wordplay
Why don't bunnies make noise when they have sex?    Because they have cotton balls.	Wordplay
What's the difference between Beer Nuts and Deer Nuts?    Beer Nuts are $1, and Deer Nuts are always under a buck.	Wordplay
Never accept a drink from a urologist, nor a friendly handshake from a proctologist.	Wordplay
Some people say that I'm superficial, but that's just on the surface.	Wordplay
Sign in a Chinese Pet Store: "Buy one dog, get one flea..."	Wordplay
I got a sweater for Christmas. I really wanted a screamer or a moaner.	Wordplay
If flying is so safe, why do they call the airport the terminal?	Wordplay
Energizer Bunny arrested - charged with battery.   A pessimist's blood type is always b-negative.   Practice safe eating - always use condiments.   A Freudian slip is when you say one thing but mean your mother.   Shotgun wedding: A case of wife or death.   I used to work in a blanket factory, but it folded.   If electricity comes from electrons... does that mean that morality comes from morons?   Marriage is the mourning after the knot before.	Wordplay
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.   A gossip is someone with a great sense of rumor.   Without geometry, life is pointless.   When you dream in color, it's a pigment of your imagination.   Condoms should be used on every conceivable occasion.   Reading whilst sunbathing makes you well-red.   When two egotists meet, it's an I for an I.   Alarms: What an octopus is.	Wordplay
A bicycle can't stand alone because it is two tired.	Wordplay
A chicken crossing the road is poultry in motion.	Wordplay
If you don't pay your exorcist you get repossessed.	Wordplay
When a clock is hungry it goes back four seconds.	Wordplay
My karma ran over my dogma. -Anonymous	Wordplay
Waitress: "Would you like your coffee black?" Customer: "What other colors do you have?"	Wordplay
Practice safe eating ...Always use condiments.	Wordplay
Q: What do you call a non-churchgoer?  A: A Seventh-Day Absentist	Wordplay
Why is it hard for dalmatians to play hide-and-seek?  Because they're always spotted!	Wordplay
What kind of coffee was served on the Titanic?  Sanka.	Wordplay
Interchangeable parts aren't.	Wordplay
Q:  What do you call a sheep that does karate? A:  A lamb chop	Wordplay
God give me patience....And make it quick!	Wordplay
Q: What do you get when you cross a Scottish sheep with a Peruvian Mountain Goat?   A: The Dolly Llama.	Wordplay
What do fish paint with?  Water colours!	Wordplay
Where do fish keep their life savings?  At the river bank!	Wordplay
What is the definition of wicker box?  It's what Elmer Fudd wants to do to Madonna.	Wordplay
Why do seagulls fly over the sea? Because if they flew over the bay, they'd be called bagels!	Wordplay
What do you call a black person that wants to be and acts just like Jackie Chan? Blackie Chan	Wordplay
Q: What did baby corn say to mama corn?  A: Where's pop corn?	Wordplay
I went into a restaurant that served 'breakfast at any time'. So, I asked for French Toast in the time of the Renaissance	Wordplay
What do you get when you mix cigarettes in hot water?  A soggy butt.	Wordplay
Did you hear about the tree that made an  Ash of itself?	Wordplay
Why did the penny become angry with the nickel?  Because the nickel was a "penny pincher".	Wordplay
What did one tradesman say to another?  I hope you have a "barter" day tomorrow.	Wordplay
What are Martians favorite sweets? Mars-mallows.	Wordplay
I didn't lose my mind, I just let it wander and it never came back. I miss it so much.	Wordplay
When you put 'THE' and 'IRS' together, it's an anagram of 'THEIRS'. Coincidence? I think not!	Wordplay
Q: What do you have when there are 100 rabbits standing in a row and they all start hopping backwards?    A: Receding hare line.	Wordplay
What's the difference between a duck and a spider?  A duck has a web in its feet, a spider has its feet in a web!	Wordplay
If someone says, "A penny for your thoughts,", and you give them your two cents worth, what happens to the other penny?	Wordplay
Q. Why are families like chocolate?    A. They are mostly sweet, with a few nuts!	Wordplay
At the end of a T.V. show, why do they say "filmed in front of a live audience?"   Well, it wouldn't be a dead audience, would it?	Wordplay
Joke: Why does Snoop Dogg Carry an umbrella?     Answer: For Drizzle my nizzle	Wordplay
Q. How do lesbians handle their liquor? A. By the ears. (Lick her)	Wordplay
Why did the squirrel go to the acorn shop?  He broke his nuts on something!	Wordplay
The squirrel's eyes widened as he tried to move but froze when he realized........  He'd buried the wrong nuts!	Wordplay
if stealing kids is kidnapping,is stealing adults oldnapping?	Wordplay
Where does a Dog go when he loses his tail?  Answer:  A retailer	Wordplay
Why do snakes always lose in court?     Answer:   They don't have a leg to stand on!	Wordplay
What did Spock find in the toilet?   The captain's log.	Wordplay
Did you hear about the two peanuts who got mugged on their walk down the street?   They were assaulted	Wordplay
What did the ocean say to the beach?  Nothing, it just waved	Wordplay
How do you tell a boy chromosome from a girl chromosome?  Pull down their genes.	Wordplay
Why should you never play poker in the jungle?  -because there are too many cheatahs!!	Wordplay
Vini vedi velcro (I came, I saw, I stuck around)	Wordplay
Q) What do you call an ant from overseas?   A) Important	Wordplay
Why can't a gypsy man walk right?  Because he has crystal balls!	Wordplay
Did you hear about the cannibal who was late to dinner?  He got the cold shoulder.	Wordplay
No one dies a virgin, life screws us all!	Wordplay
A man who digs? Doug!  A man who doesn't dig? Douglas!  A woman with a cat on her head? Kitty!	Wordplay
What do you get when a dinosuar stubs its toe?  A: Stubasaurus	Wordplay
Q.  Who likes to make dinner for Peter Pan?   A.  Captain Cook!	Wordplay
Why couldn't the Human Torch get married?  He couldn't find his Match!	Wordplay
What do you call a stupid garbage can?  A Dumb-ster!	Wordplay
The Lazy Bowl Reclining toilet: It's plush while you flush!	Wordplay
When you marry, your spouse's family become "in-laws."  So, when you divorce, does that make them "outlaws?"	Wordplay
If the opposite of pro is con, isn't the opposite of progress, congress?	Wordplay
Do infants enjoy infancy as much as adults enjoy adultery?	Wordplay
Before you judge someone, you should walk a mile in their shoes.  That way, when you judge them, you're a mile away and you have their shoes.	Dry
Two guys walked into a bar... you would have thought the second one would have ducked.	Anti-joke
If at first you don't succeed ... avoid skydiving.	Dry
Politics comes from the root "poli-", which means many, and "-tics", which means, blood-sucking creatures.	Satire/Parody
Why do they have braille on drive-thru ATMs?	Satire/Parody
The early bird may get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.	Wordplay
Eagles may soar, but weasels don't get sucked into jet engines.	Satire/Parody
I drive way too fast to worry about my cholesterol.	Dry
Those who live by the sword get shot by those who don't.	Dry
My wife keeps complaining I never listen to her...or something like that.	Satire/Parody
My grandmother started walking five miles a day when she was 60. Now she's 97 years old and we don't know where the hell she is.	Anti-joke
I don't exercise because it makes the ice jump right out of my glass.	Dry
Lawyers creed: A man is innocent until proven broke.	Satire/Parody
Every solution breeds new problems.	Random/Absurd
Sign seen on a maternity-ward door:  Push! Push! Push!	Wordplay
All my life I wanted to be someone; I guess I should have been more specific.  -Jane Wagner	Mockery
Then there was the neat nurse, who made the patient without disturbing the bed.	Wordplay
Madame, said the psychiatrist, "you haven't got a complex; you ARE inferior."	Mockery
The wife ran into the house, screaming to her actor husband, "Darling, come quick.  Your kids and my kids are beating up on our kids!"	Wordplay
I wonder who came up with the company People's Gas and where was their Pepto-Bismal?	Wordplay
Overheard in a doctor's waiting room:  "My uncle had a cough like yours and he died.  Mind you, he was hiding under his neighbour's bed at the time."	Satire/Parody
Did you hear about the scientist who crossed a carrier pigeon with a woodpecker?  He got a bird that not only delivers messages to their destination but knocks on the door when it gets there.	Wordplay
What did the Zen Buddhist say to the New York hot-dog vendor?  "Make me one with everything."	Wordplay
I recently went to my  30th class reunion from nursery school.  I didn't want to go because I've put on maybe 90 or 100 pounds since then.	Wordplay
If you don't like my driving, stay out of the bus shelters!	Random/Absurd
Overheard at an exhibit in the science museum:  "It says here that oxygen was discovered over two hundred years ago."  "Wow! What did people breathe before that?"	Anti-joke
Famous Last Words  "Oh come on, nobody's died from this in years."  "I saw it on Jackass last night."  "My dad did it when he was a kid."  "Yes, I'm sure that the power is off."  "It'll only hurt for a couple of days."  "See, I'm not afraid of heights."	Satire/Parody
Famous Last Words:  "The gun isn't loaded, ok?"  "Yes, I double checked."  "This fuse should give us plenty of time."  "I don't think he has a gun."  "This is a very safe neighborhood!"  "I am 100% sure of the blast radius."	Dry
FAMOUS LAST WORDS   "One sec, I've got to go the bathroom!"  :)  "It doesn't hurt... that... bad..."  "This stuff works just as well!"  "It looks like it's coming right towards us!"  "Here, let me handle this, forget the cops!"  "I read this in a 'how-to' magazine once."  "No I'm not a skydiver, but I did stay at a Holiday Inn Express Last Night."  "Proper equipment is for rich people."  "I don't know. Let's find out!"  "I did it in a video game last night."  "Did you hear that? Sounded like something big. Where's that flashlight?"  And finally...                             "OH SHIT!!!!"	Dry
Q. What's worse than raining cats and dogs?  A. Hailing taxicabs!	Random/Absurd
The Chinese say: Baseball is wrong. Man with four balls cannot walk.	Wordplay
Q: What's the difference between a girls track team and a tribe of pygmies?  A: The pygmies are cunning little runts.	Mockery
Middle Age: when knees buckle and belts don't.	Dry
Poise: the ability to continue speaking fluently while the other fellow is picking up the cheque.	Satire/Parody
He who laughs last, thinks slowest.	Mockery
Q: What's the difference between Snowmen and Snowwomen?  A: Snowballs	Wordplay
There are three kinds of people in this world, those who can count, and those who can not!	Wordplay
Vacation begins when dad says. "I know a shortcut"!	Satire/Parody
Lottery, a tax on people who can't do math	Satire/Parody
all generalizations are false	Wordplay
Eat right, stay fit, die anyway!	Satire/Parody
IRS... we've got what it takes, to take what you've got	Satire/Parody
Be nice to your kids, they'll choose your nursing home.	Satire/Parody
I don't suffer from insanity... I enjoy every minute of it.	Wordplay
No one is listening to you until you make a mistake.	Dry
Dyslexics of the world, untie!	Wordplay
Save a tree, eat a beaver!!	Wordplay
Sometimes I wake up grumpy, other times I let her sleep.	Wordplay
Always remember that you are unique, just like everybody else!	Anti-joke
Always go to other peoples funerals, or they wont come to yours.	Random/Absurd
Everywhere is within walking distance if you have the time.	Dry
Bills travel through the mail at twice the speed of checks.	Satire/Parody
Ask me about my vow of silence..	Dry
The hardness of butter is directly proportional to the softness of bread.	Mockery
When physics meets Star Wars:   May the net force be with you!	Wordplay
What disasters would happen if a waiter dropped a plate of turkey?   The  downfall of Greece,  the overthrow of Turkey  and the break up of China	Wordplay
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.	Dry
A man said his credit card was stolen but he decided not to report it because the thief was spending less than his wife did.	Satire/Parody
When is it Michael Jackson's bed time?       When the little hand meets the big hand.	Satire/Parody
What do you call happiness?        Seeing your mother-in-law's photo on the back of a milk carton!	Satire/Parody
Q.   What's the difference between a paycheck and your dick ?        A.   You don't have to beg a woman to blow your paycheck.	Satire/Parody
Q.   What are the small bumps around a woman's' nipples for ?        A.   They are Braille for "suck here".	Random/Absurd
Q.   What's the difference between a woman and a coffin ?         A.   You come in one and go in the other.	Wordplay
Q)A hippo is sitting on your chair....what time is it? A)Time to get a new chair	Anti-joke
Q.Why shouldn't you wear snow boots? A.Because they will melt!	Anti-joke